README.md, before:

---
page_type: sample
languages:
  - python
products:
  - azure
  - azure-redis-cache
description: "This sample creates a multi-container application in an Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) cluster."
---

# Azure Voting App

This sample creates a multi-container application in an Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) cluster. The application interface has been built using Python / Flask. The data component is using Redis.

To walk through a quick deployment of this application, see the AKS [quick start](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/kubernetes-walkthrough?WT.mc_id=none-github-nepeters).

To walk through a complete experience where this code is packaged into container images, uploaded to Azure Container Registry, and then run in and AKS cluster, see the [AKS tutorials](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/tutorial-kubernetes-prepare-app?WT.mc_id=none-github-nepeters).

## Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA-bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., label, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

Commit message:

Added the first part, 'Local Test' in readme. Finished Makefile

README.md, after:

---
page_type: sample
languages:
  - python
products:
  - azure
  - azure-redis-cache
description: "This sample creates a multi-container application in an Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) cluster."
---

# Coop Fish Voting App

We use this repo as a sample to present that a terraform-managed infrastructure (AKS, Azure Container Registry ...) can be 
object of deployment container images.

The Azure infrastructure is managed by another repository consisted of Terraform scripts mainly. All required environmental variables 
are rooted from that terraform repository.

We will go through a path like: local test --> deploy to staging --> deploy to prod.

## 1. Local Test
To build an image of the app and run it locally (if we need a new version tag, change the value of `version` in `Makefile`):
```commandline
make local-image-test
```
The running app will be visible on `http://localhost:8080`. 
To turn off the running app, we use `docker compose down` to stop the app and remove the containers.
But the created images are still there, `docker images` will show it
```commandline
REPOSITORY                                               TAG                        IMAGE ID      
mcr.microsoft.com/azuredocs/azure-vote-front             v2                         8cd22ff578ea  
```

## 2. Push Image to Azure Container Registry
### 2.1 Staging
